rgw: delete zone/pools for multisite configuation (#10728)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Object-Storage/ceph-object-multisite-crd.md

* `customEndpoints`:  Specify the endpoint(s) that will accept multisite replication traffic for this zone. You may include the port in the definition if necessary. For example: "https://my-object-store.my-domain.net:443". By default, Rook will set this to the DNS name of the ClusterIP Service created for the CephObjectStore that corresponds to this zone.

  Most multisite configurations will not exist within the same Kubernetes cluster, meaning the default value will not be useful. In these cases, you will be required to create your own custom ingress resource for the CephObjectStore in order to make the zone available for replication. You must add the endpoint for your custom ingress resource to this list to allow the store to accept replication traffic.

  In the case of multiple stores (or multiple endpoints for a single store), you are not required to put all endpoints in this list. Only specify the endpoints that should be used for replication traffic.

  If you update `customEndpoints` to return to an empty list, you must the Rook operator to automatically add the CephObjectStore service endpoint to Ceph's internal configuration.

>  * `preservePoolsOnDelete`: If it is set to 'true' the pools used to support the CephObjectZone will remain when it is deleted. This is a security measure to avoid accidental loss of data. It is set to 'true' by default. If not specified is also deemed as 'true'.

Reviewer: If not specified, it should already be clear that it's true by default. Interestingly, this is a different behavior from any other bool in types.go that defaults to false, but makes sense in this case.
```suggestion
 * `preservePoolsOnDelete`: If it is set to 'true' the pools used to support the CephObjectZone will remain when it is deleted. This is a security measure to avoid accidental loss of data. It is set to 'true' by default.
```

 In the case of multiple stores (or multiple endpoints for a single store), you are not required to put all endpoints in this list. Only specify the endpoints that should be used for replication traffic.

 If you update `customEndpoints` to return to an empty list, you must the Rook operator to automatically add the CephObjectStore service endpoint to Ceph's internal configuration.

>  * `preservePoolsOnDelete`: If it is set to 'true' the pools used to support the zone will remain when the ceph object zone CR will be deleted. This is a security measure to avoid accidental loss of data. It is set to 'true' by default. If not specified is also deemed as 'true'.

Reviewer 2: It seems like this isn't rendering properly with the bullet above. I think we need to add a second space before "Most multisite...", "In the case...", and "If you update...".

> 
>  * `preservePoolsOnDelete`: If it is set to 'true' the pools used to support the zone will remain when the ceph object zone CR will be deleted. This is a security measure to avoid accidental loss of data. It is set to 'true' by default. If not specified is also deemed as 'true'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

 * `preservePoolsOnDelete`: If it is set to 'true' the pools used to support the CephObjectZone will remain when it is deleted. This is a security measure to avoid accidental loss of data. It is set to 'true' by default. If not specified is also deemed as 'true'.
```
